self
we are here with the reliable philips slp164 redhead television
let's see for the very clever menu of these new TVs by pressing mi key
like from this screen
global
that you can directly on TV
looking for the files on tweetto sd from the network search
to the internet part to the digital frame and to the various Palermo sources
connected toradora and 'but' we can add
a new device
and there is a simplified menu for the game we will be playing here mythical asks
what kind of device we have on what connection connected
elop movement comes main menu cost
there is also
I will be able to see this in detail in the trolley user manual
la7 renegade played even organized and if a gold record. 0 of course
recognize the music plays
recognize movies
palermo
some recordings transport but dvx recognize photo
therefore able to reproduce say that most movies
recognized reform
the internet part based on the henna was found the various servers on the network
even here
photo video music without problems
from the various
sources
interesting also the reversible part internet tv not use widget but
uses the series d
home and student pages especially for this TV
available on the various sites that are parma so we have one
search engine for offers a
photo sharing application
house circles
youtube sun are hardly the screen bristol games of the screens from
photo galleries leave your text alone
I get angry digital channels an application of the vienna curve of
doubtful utility and even one
the site of the sun of information
on the ski resorts
the most interesting thing without a doubt the possibility of
disused t services to launch a very light ueber browser desperate
browse the internet on the services of known
the browser does not support flash however
supports java
html that will allow us while simple navigation all screen
we will provide many sites to which we detest
vimec displayed quite well
ibra trampolin perfectly compared to the browser o
for pc is now loading site
even if the views band still takes a few seconds
here it is
is still loading
missing photos and video evidence at sea
karaoke with ahahah display
quite complete
here comes everything
affixed we return to our main menu corman said to neglect
warns directly to the gore
clicking on silk passengers instead what you have configuration menu
of the TV
where we have basic settings for natural lively personal TV
game cinema that standard
cd is very well made
but we can change a settings assistant that guides the user to
adjusting the preparations 3
weight we have we see that makes the screen compare
right and left and in choosing which we prefer
the user is led to prefer present from above on the right because anyway more
darker black while with the left a little lighter little rules of yes
been very italy
choosing for example those on the right
what is even more brilliant
that summer more
convincing sacred
these sharper
and 'this left is cold clear
we find ourselves practically with one
profile really very load very bright that is good for TV
but that is absolutely not good for cinema so our advice is that
of
however, use the cinema 3 mode very well done
when the picture if you do not rely on the regular mail settings
contract nullity color the sharpness of the image you feel very high not
finish noise reduction
transferenza I'm turning off the color you can also customize colors
white balance
warm cold normal customizing it
we can a regular one
the green
the blue
and also roast
edilverde and on low lights
we return
to the menu
there were popes always sisal hd
they are all the digital filters of the processor so natural motion or
the interpolation function of frames that allows to have one
more fluid scan
rc arts center there is the future 100 hertz myths of the superior
a pretend that better contract
dynamic contrast
dynamic retroversion prince and artefacts means optimization of
colors
stop
we have lol from pc
which allows us to extend the range of cinema hits
a light sensor can be turned off or on so it had a selectable seat
front
and other image formats
in my cost the light changes
on turned off you will see engine running on bright colors
pvc s camillo slabs practically according to the content even on pokemon
white or warm white cold white a blue
with that it would have been
and also the separation or if right side left side of the mobilarte
must be separated
or it must reproduce exactly the same color tones
we find the puts the network settings
we can test operation materials regarding
the digital terrestrial is therefore a very complete menu
of phil navigation phase and well done